feat: Add `spec.requiresDowntime` (#2132)
kyma-project/lifecycle-manager: docs/contributor/resources/03-moduletemplate.md

The `associatedResources` field is a list of module-related custom resource definitions (CRDs) that should be cleaned up during module deletion.
The list is purely informational and does not introduce functional changes to the module.

### **.spec.requiresDowntime**

> The `requiresDowntime` field indicates whether the module requires downtime in support of maintenance windows during module upgrades. It is optional and defaults to `false`, which means
> that the module version upgrades don't require downtime unless otherwise stated.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `requiresDowntime` field indicates whether the module requires downtime to support maintenance windows during module upgrades. It is optional and defaults to `false`, meaning the module version upgrades don't require downtime.
```
